gnome-games 2.11.5
==================

This is the final release candidate for 2.12. Testing this release is
strongly encouraged. It should compile on a GNOME 2.10 system without
any extra libraries.

As usual there are no new features, however there are some things that
need attention:

 - Aisleriot drawing code: there has been a change here that is rather
drastic for this late in the release cycle. Any drawing glitches
should be filed as bugs. When reporting the bug please describe
exactly what you were doing, the game played, and how many cards you
were dragging. Screenshots won't go amiss either.

 - The aisleriot statistics dialog: if I haven't got the autoconf
magic right then the close button on this dialog may
fail. Alternatively configure may fail. In either case I am interested
in reports of this, espeically on Fedora core 3 and core 4 systems.

 - Once again, aisleriot: there is a strange crash that happens very
infrequently. I have seen it myself, but not managed to get a good
stack trace. Anyone who has debugging symbols turned on and
experiences a crash -please report it. It will occur while, or shortly
after dragging some cards.

All other crashes should also be reported.

gnome-games 2.11.4
==================

This release is the second beta release of gnome-games in preparation
for GNOME 2.12. There are no new features, only bug-fixes,
documentation updates and translation updates.

gnome-games 2.11.3
==================

This is the user-interface freeze release of gnome-games. Most of the
changes have been bug-fixes.

General:
 - Slightly streamlined build process (callum).  

Aisleriot:
 - Improvements to the card dropping code (callum and Peter Moulder).
 - UI cleanups (Dennis Cranston).
 - Stop the rules being changed mid-game (callum).
 - Help for games with multi-word names should work in French locales (callum).

Ataxx:
 - Clarify the rules (rah).
 - Fix some drawing glitches (callum).

Mahjongg:
 - Documentation XML fixup (Peter Moulder).

Mines:
 - UI tweaks (Dennis Cranston)
 - It will now compile when optimisation is turned off.

Same Gnome:
 - UI tweaks (Dennis Cranston)

Stones:
 - The level you last played is now remembered between games. You can 
   also start at any level, not just the pre-defined ones (callum).

Games Server:
 - The games-server program now behaves like a real Unix daemon (callum).
 - Fix a typo in the schema descriptions (Clytie Siddall).


gnome-games 2.11.2
==================

This is the feature-freeze release of gnome-games. These are the
major, user-visible, changes:

Aisleriot:
 - Three new games: Carpet (almost completely pointless) and Backbone (not 
   pointless at all) from Vincent Povirk. Triple Peaks from Richard 
   Hoelscher.
 - Hilighting of valid drop targets not works for all games where it
   makes sense (Vincent Povirk).
 - Scores are hidden for games where it doesn't make sense (rah).

Four in a Row:
 - New SVG graphics from Alan Horkan. The classic and high contrast
   themes has been updated and a new High Contrast Inverse theme has been
   added. Both of these accessibility themes now match the GNOME themes
   of the same name (Alan Horkan).
 - Subtle grid-drawing improvements (callum).
 - Some of the themese have changed names (Alan Horkan). 

Mahjongg:
 - Display the current game in the title-bar.

Tali:
 - The phrase "Yahtzee" has been replaced with "5 of a kind". It 
   doesn't sound as sexy, but it is more obvious what it means and 
   it isn't a trademark (rah, callum).

Plus lots of bug fixes, code cleanups, api modernisation, and -of
course- the tireless work of the translation team.


gnome-games 2.11.1
==================

Finally, a very belated 2.11.x entry for gnome-games. A lot has changed
and I've probably missed a few things, but here are the main points:

General:
 - (Slightly) improved UI for starting network games.
 - Lots of HIG-conformance tweaks leading to nicer dialogs.
 - Use of modern APIs and stock items, once again giving a nicer feel 
   to the UI.

Aisleriot:
 - Per-game options work again. e.g. Klondike has the option for 3-card deals.
 - Valid places to drop cards are now hilighted (only on some games).
 - Dropping cards in the right place is now easier.
 - Double-clicking the foundation in Klondike auto-moves cards to the 
   foundatione. Very useful at the end of the game.
 - Fullscreen mode.
 - Gay Gordons is guaranteed to be solvable.
 - Long card lists are automatically expand and contract to fit the window.

Four in a row:
 - A new game starts the moment the prgram is launched.

Gometris:
 - Use the new high-scores dialog.

Iagno:
 - Start a new game when the program loads.
 - Removed the clock, it was useless.

Mahjongg:
 - Rather than assuming clicking on a second, mismatched, tile was a mistake, 
   assume that the player wants to select it as the first of a different pair.
 - Fullscreen mode.

Mines:
 - Using the left button on a cleared square is now like using the middle
   button. This makes the game a lot easier for those with an awkward middle
   button.
 - The first click is guaranteed to clear a "useful" number of squares so you
   don't have to blindly click and hope you don't hit a mine.
 - An explosion graphic is drawn on a mine if you set it off.

Robots:
 - Remove the specialised key sets. 

Same GNOME:
 - Fast animation mode for those who are impatient.
 - Better grid, background and cursor colours.

Stones:
 - Allow only one scrolling technique. Improve the quality of the scrolling.

Tali:
 - UI tweaks: the dice area behaves like a toolbar wth prelight hilighting
   and the like.

Tetravex:
 - Tiles get hilighted on mouse-over. i.e. the behave just like any other
   GTK component.

And of course a lot of bug fixes and code cleanups.

gnome-games 2.10.0
==================

Hooray! The 2.10 release of the GNOME Games package is here.

The people who made this release happen where:

Callum McKenzie
Richard Hoelscher
William Jon McCann
Paolo Borelli
Jonathan Blandford
Damien Laniel
Andreas Røsdal
Thomas Vander Stichele

Major changes since 2.9.0:

General:
 - The use of "seeds" has been removed from through-out gnome-games.
 - Zeroconf support for network games (requires libhowl).
 - GTK+ 2.6 is now required.
 - guile 1.6 is also required for Aisleriot.

Aisleriot:
 - A partial French translation of the documentation.
 - An undo option on the end-of-game dialog.
 - Better SVG rendering.

Ataxx:
 - The top-left player is the starting player. This makes it
   consistent with most other implementations.

Blackjack:
 - The menu has been rearranged.

Five or More:
 - Can now be played with the keyboard.

Four-in-a-row:
 - The game is now resizeable.

Iagno:
 - Zeroconf network games.
 - The AI no longer cheats.

Nibbles:
 - Zeroconf network games.

Klotski:
 - The game is now resizeable.
 - New levels.

Same GNOME:
 - Complete rewrite.
 - Resizable window and graphics.
 - Multiple game sizes to choose from.
 - Full-screen mode.
 - Undo/redo.
 - New high score dialog.

Tali:
 - The undo option (which was always considered cheating) has been
   removed.
 - Tied games are now handled correctly.

What more do you need to know: get playing!

gnome-games 2.9.7
=================

This is the first release candidate for gnome-games 2.10. Since the
last release there have been minor bug fixes and documentation and
translation updates. The only expected changes between now and the
2.10 release are documentation polishing and urther translation work.

Bugs fixed:

Aisleriot:
 - Make Neighbor and Helsinki work properly in click-to-move mode.
 - Clarify the rules for Gay Gordons.

Ataxx:
 - Fix a crash on exit (again).
 - Make sure everything is translated.

Blackjack:
 - Display the application icon properly.
 - Translate the menus correctly.

Four-in-a-row:
 - Draw the board properly if the toolbar is enabled.

Gnometris:
 - Clear the preview window when the game ends.

Mines:
 - Show the correct high score category when the game is won.
 - (Hopefully) fix some start-up crashes.

Same GNOME:
 - Draw the border lines correctly.
 - More documentation updates.
 - Show the correct high score dialog when we win.
 - Add code to handle changes in theme names (only relevant for
   gnome-games-extra-themes in CVS).
 - Initialize the size menu correctly.
 - Translate the menus and high score dialog correctly.

Tetravex:
 - Minor fix ups for some levels.
 - Fill in more target scores.

gnome-games 2.9.6
=================

This is the second beta release of gnome-games leading to the 2.10.0
release. Once again the major changes since the last relase are bug
fixes.

Aisleriot:
 - Guile 1.6.5 or later is required on 64-bit machines. 32-bit machines
   still only need 1.6.0 or later. This is to avoid a guile bug. (callum)

Ataxx:
 - Fix a crash on exit (rah, callum)

Blackjack:
 - Menu items are now translated properly (rah).

Klotski:
 - Fix the "Sunshine" level to be actually winnable (rah).

Mines:
 - Fix yet another bug when changing the board size (rah).

Robots:
 - Documentation updates (Adam Weinberger).
 - Don't crash when theme files are missing (callum).

Same GNOME:
 - Fix the graphics for the stones theme (callum).

Stones:
 - Handle missing file more gracefully (rah).



gnome-games 2.9.5
=================

This is the first beta release of gnome-games leading up to the 2.10.0
release. There is little change from 2.9.4, mostly bug fixes thanks to
Richard Hoelscher.

Aisleriot:
 - Revert the UI changes (callum).
 - Fix scorpions end of game check (callum).

Ataxx:
 - Fixes for various crashes and over-verbocity (rah).

Gnometris:
 - Fix the scoring at the end of the game (rah).

Iagno:
 - Code cleanups for the AI (rah).

Klotski:
 - Be even more graceful if the images can't be found (rah).

Same-Gnome:
 - Make clicking work when using sloppy focus (mccann).

Tetravex:
 - Icon translucency inprovements (rah).


gnome-games 2.9.4
=================

This is the feature-complete version of gnome-games leading up to
2.10.  Most of the work since the last release has gone into restoring
the missing features in same-gnome.  While there are one or two bugs I
know about, please report any that you find.

Other changes:

General:
 - games-preimage usage has been changed to remove unnecessary
   gnome-vfs dependencies (rah).
 - New, generic, high scores widget based on the gnomine one (callum).

Aisleriot:
 - Swapped the "new game" and "quit" buttons on the end-of-game dialog. 
   It doesn't really matter, but it seems better this way around in same-gnome
   and I want to be consistent (callum).

Mahjongg:
 - Behave nicely when the requested theme cannot be found (rah).

Mines:
 - Use the new high scores widget. It looks like the old one though (callum).

Same GNOME:
 - High scores now work (callum).
 - The theme selector now works. I will also search in you home directory
   under $XDG_DATA_HOME/gnome-games/same-gnome/themes/2.10 $XDG_DATA_HOME is
   $HOME/.local/share if you haven't set it explicitly. A better UI for this
   will appear in the future. The system-wide theme location has also changed
   because the format has changed (callum).
 - The game-over dialog is much improved. It gives a quit option and, if you
   scored in the top 10, displays the high score table (callum).
 - The stones theme has been restored, but still has a slight animation glitch 
   (callum).
 - Undo and Redo work (callum).
 - Fullscreen mode works (callum).
 - Online help works (callum).

gnome-games 2.9.3
=================

*** WARNING ***

This release contains a rewrite of same-gnome. This rewrite is not
complete and has some known bugs, so when filing bugs against same-gnome
please consider the following:

Please DO NOT report:
 - Features that do not work. These are not complete.
 - Changing the board size does do what you expect.
 - The lack of your favourite theme.
 - The speed/smoothness of the animation.
 - The inability to turn animation off.
 - The documentaion (it hasn't changed).
Please DO report:
 - Constructive criticism of the UI (including the animation).
 - Any crashes. These should not happen.

Also, do not look at the code. It will make you go blind. Especially
render_cb ().

In other news, the following code has been updated:

General:
 - Better support for multi-visual environments (callum)
 - Check for guile >= 1.6 (callum)
 - Better behaviour if themes aren't found (Josselin Mouette)
 - Key control lists have searching disabled (rah)

Aisleriot:
 - Further work on the French documents translation (heretik)
 - File reorganisation (jrb)
 - Will-o-the-wisp doesn't accidentally flip cards (callum)
 - The spider games can now also be finished by stacking all the cards 
   on the tableau rather without moving any to the foundation (Jeff Bailey)
 - The quit option is back on the game-over dialog (pborelli)

Five or More:
 - Removal of hard-coded constants (Marco Colombo)
 - Code cleanups (callum)
 - Better contrast for the keyboard cursor (rah)

Iagno:
 - Stop the level 3 AI from cheating (rah)

Klotski:
 - UI improvements (rah)
 - Bug fixes (rah)
 - Removal of deprecated functions (rah)

Mahjongg:
 - Tile sorting has been fixed (callum)

Same-gnome:
 - Complete rewrite, the (completed) new features include:
  - Variable board sizes
  - Cute, but annoying, animations
  - Keyboard control
  - Resizeable window
 - Apologies to Telsa for the about dialog.

gnome-games 2.9.2.1
===================

Unfortunately 2.9.2 required a CVS installation of librsvg to
build. The code in question was non-essential and has been removed for
the moment. In addition, some more minor patches have been applied:

Aisleriot:
 - Converted the menu code to gtk 2.4 (callum).
 - Bug-buddy support for scheme errors (jrb).

Five or More:
 - Next balls -> Balls since they could be things that aren't balls (alan).

libgames-support:
 - Some checks were not returning values for functions requiring return 
   values (rah).

gnome-games 2.9.2
=================

This is the second *unstable* 2.9 release of gnome-games.

There is no 2.9 release of gnome-games-extra-data. The 2.8.0 release
is still current.

Major changes:

Aisleriot:
 - Revised end-of-game dialog. The quit option is gone, an undo
   option has been added if there are no more moves (callum).
 - The gh_* interface to guile has been replaced with the scm_* interface 
   (jrb).
 - Bug fixes for Odessa (callum).
 - Beginning of a French translation for the docs (heretik).

Ataxx:
 - Fix resource leaks (pborelli).
 - Documentation update (sjoerd).

Blackjack:
 - General code cleanup and bug fixes (mccann).
 - Improved dialog text (mccann).
 - Menu rearrangement/improvements (mccann).

Five or more:
 - Better error handling (callum).
 - Keyboard control (anton gavrilov).

Four-in-a-row:
 - Disable sound support until we actually have sounds to use (callum).

Klotski:
 - UI reorganisation (rah). 
 - Code cleanup (rah).

Mines:
 - Various bug fixes for command line options that are out of range (callum).

Nibbles:
 - Fix the description in the sound list (callum).

Robots:
 - Fix the description in the sound list (callum).

Tali:
 - Removed the undo option. It isn't useful (callum).
 - Handle a tied game (callum, rah).

libgames-support:
 - AIX compile fixes for the networking code (callum).
 - Fix rendering for ace-high decks (rah, Harry Ray).
 - Add range checking on the input for games-card-* (callum).

gnome-games 2.9.1
=================

This is the first release of the 2.9 *unstable* series of gnome-games.

Important changes:
 - Network games support zeroconf if libhowl is available (thanks to 
   Andreas Røsdal).
 - Four-in-a-row and Klotski are now resizeable (Paolo Borelli and 
   Richard Hoelscher respectively).
 - Player-visible random number seeds have been eliminated from gnome-games.
 - Quality of rendering for large SVG images has been improved (Richard 
   Hoelscher). 
 - gnome-games now requires GTK+ 2.5.

Aisleriot:
 - Remove the seed dialog and title annotation (callum).
 - Improve the sensitivity of menu items (callum).
 - Improved SVG rendering (richard)

Ataxx:
 - Drawing fixes (callum).
 - Make the top-left player the starting player (callum).
 - Code cleanups (callum).

Blackjack:
 - Removed seed from the title bar (callum).

Five or more:
 - Improved rendering (richard).
 - Closing the end-of-game high-score dialog starts a new game (callum).

Four-in-a-row:
 - The game is now resizeable (paolo).

Gnometris:
 - Conditionally compile the sound support (callum).
 - Fix dropping backgrounds from Konqueror (callum).

Iagno:
 - Zerofconf networking (andreas).
 - Undo in network games is disabled (andreas).

Klotski:
 - The game is now resizeable (richard).
 - New puzzles (richard).

Mahjongg:
 - Menu sensitivity fixes (callum).
 - Stop hints flashing when the player does something else (richard).
 - Removed the seed (callum).

Mines:
 - Better rendering (richard).
 - Handle some (but not all) dodgy GTK+ themes better (callum).

Nibbles:
 - Zerofconf networking (andreas).

Tali:
 - Fix the bug where you could play for the computer (richard).
 - A Yahtzee can now count as a full house (callum).

gnome-games 2.8.1
=================

This is the second stable release of gnome-games in the 2.8
series. There are no new features, merely bug fixes and translation
updates. Unless you are experiencing problems there is no need to
upgrade. Any problems this release does not solve for you should be
reported in the GNOME bugzilla (http://bugzilla.gnome.org/).

Bugs fixed:
Aisleriot:
 - Don't crash when using the find feature in the game selection
   dialog.
 - Fix a typo in the dutch translation.
Ataxx:
 - Ensure the counters and turn indicator are correct after an
   undo/redo.
 - Fix the tileset path.
General:
 - Strict C compliance for games-network.c.

gnome-games 2.8.0
=================

This is the first stable release of the 2.8 series. It should compile
happily in a GNOME 2.6 or GNOME 2.8 environment although a recent
librsvg is recommended.

*** Important ***

A lot of the themes and graphics have been moved to a
new, less frequently updated, package called gnome-games-extra-data. 
You can get it from:

 http://ftp.gnome.org/pub/GNOME/sources/gnome-games-extra-data/2.8/

The main gnome-games package still contains everything you need to
play, including the default themes.

Also:

 - The backgrounds for gnometris are now set by drag and drop. You are
expected to use your own images for this, the old backgrounds are no
longer shipped as part of the gnome-games package, but can be found in
the gnome-games-extra-data package. The "Backgrounds and Emblems" menu
option from the nautilus file browser is also good place to start.

 - The more detailed SVG themes for the card games will be slow to
redraw if you change the window size on anything but a fast machine. Be 
patient. Playing the game is fine regardless of computer speed.

People who contribute to this release, in no particular order, are:

Callum McKenzie
Richard Hoelscher
Paolo Borelli
Jon McCann
Andreas Røsdal
Ryan Stutsman
Matthew V. Ball
Angela Boyle
Aaron Schlaegel
Sjoerd Langkemper
Theo van Klaveren
Bevan Collins
Rexford Newbould
Trevor Hamm

Don't forget the gnome-games webpage:

 http://www.gnome.org/projects/gnome-games/

Major changes since the 2.6 series:

General:
 - New SVG card decks for the card games.
 - New UI for selecting keyboard controls.
 - Lots of bug fixes, especially for 64-bit machines.

Aisleriot:
 - Resizeable graphics.
 - Click-to-move mode.
 - Per game help menu.
 - One and two-suit spider variations.

Blackjack:
 - Resizeable graphics.

Ataxx:
 - Major rewrite. New AI.

Iagno:
 - New AI.
 - The network code has been factored out.

Gnometris:
 - The background is now set by drag-and-drop, you can use any images,
   tiles or colours you like. This may have issues with konqueror.
 - Sound !
 - Configurable keyboard controls.
 - A new manual.

Lines:
 - New, less sucky, name: Five-or-more.

Mahjongg:
 - New default theme: postmodern.
 - New layout: ziggurat.
 - The explicit shuffle command has been removed, it is still
   available if you run out of moves.

Mines:
 - Graphics tweaks.

Nibbles:
 - Resizeable graphics.

Robots:
 - You can now play using the mouse.

Tali:
 - Revised UI.
 - New graphics for the dice.



gnome-games 2.7.8
=================

This release is ready for the code-freeze. It contains only
bug-fixes. One more release with documentation updates and any
emergency bug-fixes can be expected before 2.8.0.

Remember that your favorite themes may have been moved to the
gnome-games-extra-data package. This is still at version 2.7.0, so if
you obtained it for the 2.7.7 gnome-games release you do not have to
download it again (for details see the 2.7.7 release notes below).

Bug fixes:

Aisleriot:
 - Right click now works after window enlargement.
 - The translation of the game-specific help menu item is fixed.
 - --variation (and the freecell desktop file) now works for non-english
   locales.
 - Documentation for one and two-suit spider.

Blackjack:
 - The payout for winning with a blackjack is now documented.
 - The SVG chip images have been cleaned up and should work with most
   versions of librsvg.
 
Four-in-a-row:
 - "No or child" bug on x86_64 has been fixed.
 
Gnometris:
 - Fixed a crasher on x86_64 machines.

Mahjongg:
 - Cut down on unnecessary redraws while resizing.

Mines:
 - Stop the face image being clipped.
 - Fix the sanity-checking code.

gnome-games 2.7.7
=================

*** ATTENTION ***

A lot of the themes have been split into a separate package called
gnome-games-extra-data. The core package now contains only a minimum
amount of graphics, it is still functional, but your favourite themes
may not be there. You can get the missing themes back by installing the
gnome-games-extra-data package. gnome-games-extra-data can be found at:

 http://ftp.gnome.org/pub/GNOME/sources/gnome-games-extra-data/2.7/

In the shuffling of themes, Richard Hoelscher's "Paris" SVG card theme
has crept into the main distribution. It uses the same source of
inspiration as David Bellot's SVG card deck, but is smaller and less
detailed, making it faster to load.

Bugfixes:

Aisleriot:    Thieves, elevator and eagle_wing are now all playable 
	      again (callum).

Five or More: Grid drawing improvements (Paolo Borelli).

Gnometris:    Don't play sounds when we don't actually do anything 
              (Jon McCann).

Mines:        Fix a rounding error when displaying scores on some 
              platforms (callum).


gnome-games 2.7.6
=================

Only one new item that should grab your attention: David Bellot's pure
SVG card theme. Be warned that this theme is complex and is liable to
expose speed issue and rendering bugs. These aren't David's fault,
they're mine.

There are also some bug fixes:

Aisleriot:
 - Pileon should be laid out properly
 - Streets and Alleys won't click on a double click anymore

Plus some typos fixed and of course plenty more translations.

gnome-games 2.7.5
=================

This is the last release before the feature freeze, therefore it is
full of new features. Klotski has been put back into the
distribution. The network code for iagno has been factored out and
there is a new connection dialog. The game server for iagno is now
available for local use, it can be found in the libgames-support
directory. Finally, gnometris has sounds !

All card games:
 - Hybrid SVG/PNG replacement theme for Dondorf. (Richard Hoelscher)

Blackjack:
 - SVG chip and slot images.

Gnometris:
 - Drag and drop support for solid-color backgrounds (callum)
 - Sound effects ! (callum, Richard Hoelscher)
 - Configurable keyboard controls (Paolo Borelli)

Iagno:
 - Factored out the network code (Andreas Røsdal)
 - New network dialog (Andreas Røsdal)

Klotski:
 - It's back !

Robots:
 - Use the new keyboard control widget (callum)

Stones:
 - The sound files have been removed due to being too close to (and
   possibly recorded from) the C64 Boulder Dash game. Besides the theme 
   tune really annoyed me (callum)

Tali:
 - New, SVG, die graphics (Ryan Stutsman)


gnome-games 2.7.4
=================

Lots of new stuff this time around. There are now new ways to play
both Aisleriot and Robots. Also, I've removed the shuffle button in
Mahjongg, you can currently only shuffle if you run out of
moves. There is a bug here, you can get in a situation where you can't
actually shuffle and are basically forced to undo. I'm working on a
solution.

Aisleriot:
 - Implement Click-to-move (callum)
 - Reorganise menus (callum)
 - Context sensitive mouse cursor (Paulo Borelli, callum)
 - Hint support for Freecell (Matthew V. Ball)
 - make more use of GamesFileList to remove unportable code.

Blackjack:
 - Replace deprecated widgets (Jon McCann)

Gnometris:
 - New help file (Angela Boyle)
 - Separate out the C and C++ compiler flags (callum)

Gnotravex:
 - GCC 3.5 compiler fixes.

Mahjongg:
 - Revised postmodern theme, it is now the default (Richard Hoelscher)
 - Fix shuffle bugs (callum)
 - Changing the map now gives you the option to start again (callum)
 - Remove the shuffle button (callum)

Mines:
 - Touch up the face graphics to be properly alpha-blended (callum)
 - Draw the "wrong flag" cross in a scalable manner (callum)

Robots:
 - Implement mouse control (callum)
 - Add a toolbar and move menu to supplement mouse control (callum)

gnome-games 2.7.3
=================

Not a lot new, but there is a new UI for changing key controls 
in gnect and gnibbles (thanks to Paolo Borelli).

 - Odessa (aisleriot) bug fixes (jrb)
 - Removed gdk-card-images library (callum)
 - Drawing fixes for blackjack (callum)
 - Five or More line detection code improved (callum)
 - New control selection UI in gnect and gnibbles (Paolo Borrelli)
 - Make the state of the mahjongg pause button consistent (callum)

gnome-games 2.7.2
=================

The major change for this release is Jon McCann's work on 
his blackjack game to make is rescalable. There are some 
known bugs in this (due to Callum's code, not Jon's) so be
careful. Those who are reading this as part of the first
official GNOME 2.7 release probably want to look at the notes
for 2.7.1 too.

gnome-games 2.7.1
=================

This is the first release of the new development cycle and there is a
*lot* of very new features available for your enjoyment. Being a
development release there will also be a lot of bugs. As always we are
very interested in bug reports and suggestions: send them to:

                   http://bugzilla.gnome.org/

Gnome-games now has a web-page. You can find it at:

            http://www.gnome.org/projects/gnome-games/

Aside from numerous bug fixes (thanks to Dean Copsey, Paolo Borelli,
William Jon McCann and Iain Holmes) these are the major changes:

Aisleriot: 
 - The cards now scale with the window. (Callum)
 - Two new games: one and two-card spider. (Aaron Schlaegel)
 - Per game help menu item. (Callum)

Ataxx:
 - Major rewrite: new AI and drawing code. (Sjoerd Langkemper)

Gnibbles:
 - Resizeable SVG graphics. (Theo van Klaveren)

Gnometris:
 - Backgrounds are now set by drag-and-drop. (Callum)

Iagno:
 - New, harder, AI added. (Bevan Collins)

Klotski:
 - Removed. (Callum)

Lines:
 - Renamed to Five or More. (Callum)

Mahjongg:
 - New layout, Ziggurat. (Rexford Newbould)

Mines:
 - New scores dialog. (Callum)

Tali:
 - Revised UI. (Trevor Hamm)


gnome-games "Thank you and Good Night" 2.6.1
============================================
 
Bug fixes for mahjongg and blackjack. Translation updates for
Hungarian and Gujarati. What more could you ask from a stable
release ?
 
gnome-games "Space Monster Redux" 2.6.0.1
=========================================
 
An minor update over 2.6.0, this is to take advantage of the
extra translation work done due to the delayed release. There have
also been some minor build and documentation changes.
 
gnome-games "Space Monster" 2.6.0
=================================
 
This is the new stable release of gnome-games. Since the 2.4 series
there have been many changes, the highlights are:
 
 - Mahjongg has new layouts, new tilesets and is completely scaleable.
   It is also faster and shuffling works properly.
 - Gnomine has new, improved graphics and a hint function.
 - Freecell (the aisleriot version) now has supprot for super-moves
   and is a lot closer to the stand-alone version in behavior.
 - Glines has new graphics and is also completely scaleable.
 - Aisleriot now keeps track of statistics on the games you play.
 - Gnect has recieved a major upgrade and is now leaner and cleaner.
 - For aislriot and blackjack the dialog for changing the card style
   has been reworked.
                                                                                
Many people have contributed to this release, both for code and
artwork. In alphabetical order they are:
 Steve Chaplin,
 Richard Hoelscher,
 John McCann
 Callum McKenzie,
 Tim Musson,
 Rexford Newbould,
 Krzysztof Foltman,
 Gonzalo Odiard.
                                                                                
You will need the GNOME 2.6 development platform to build this,
especially GTK 2.3. It is also desirable to have gettext 0.12. To
compile Aisleriot you will need the guile scheme interpreter. For
Blackjack and Gnometris you need a C++ compiler.

gnome-games "Zero Gravitas" 2.5.9
=================================

This is also a release candidate. Naturally there was a
brown-paper-bag bug discovered the day after the last release. This
has been fixed. Also, the credits have been updated and of course
there have been more translations (does the translation team never
sleep ?!).

gnome-games "Sacrificial Victim" 2.5.8
======================================

This is the release candidate for 2.6. In an ideal world there would be
no major bugs in this release. Here in the real world there will be a
brown-paper-bag bug discovered tomorrow. You could be the one to report
it and cause me hideous embarrassment ! Go ahead, you know you want
to.

Since 2.5.7 the only changes have been bug-fixes, documentation
updates and more translations.

gnome-games "Problem Child" 2.5.7
=================================

This is the long-awaited beta for 2.6. As far as I know there are no
bugs that crash any of the the games or make them unplayable. I expect
this to change once you test it and file what you find in
Bugzilla. The documentation is the only thing expected to change
before 2.6.0.

So what is new this time ?

Bug fixes.
Gnometris now has some basic documentation.
There is a new tileset for mahjongg thanks to Gonzalo Odiard.


gnome-games "Limiting Factor" 2.5.6
===================================

This release is for testing. No new features have been added since
2.5.5 but there have been a lot of bugs fixed and there is some
revised code that needs testing. 

*** Now is the time ot file bug reports ! ***

If you see any bugs in this release, report them. It's too late for UI
changes (although they will be considered for 2.7) but anything that
crashes these games needs to be reported. Please try and give a
precise summary of how to reproduce the bug. Getting stack traces in
gnome-games is hard, but worth it (try running the games as the user
that installed them, e.g. root).

What other excuse do you need to play solitaire all day ?

What has changed:

- blackjack caches its calculations better. Now all game types are
cached (you should only see the progress dialog the first time you
play a rule set). Be warned that this can store up to a megabyte of
data in your home directory. Sharing of the cached files will not be
implemented for 2.6.

- gnomine, gnome-stones, gnotravex and gnometris use a new algorithm
(OK, ugly hack) to set the size of their writing. The old way was
doing bad things whith some systems (especially those with a high
dpi).

- The hint menu item in gnomine is now only available when it can be
used.

- In Ailseriot dragging after a double-click works.

- Aisleriot documentation has been updated to mention the statistics
dialog.

- Some old Spanish and Danish documentation for gnobots and gtali has
been updated from the old html format to docbook. The content hasn't
changed, contributions that fix this are welcome.

- gnibbles: key presses are now buffered so that fast turns are
guaranteed to work.

- Various SVG files have been slimmed down (Thanks to Richard
Hoelscher).

And of course it will crash less often. 

gnome-games "The Ends of Invention" 2.5.5
=========================================

This is the feature-freeze release. This should be what 2.6 looks like
minus the bugs.

The major features of this release are:

Aisleriot: Statistics finally work. You saw the UI with the last
release, now you can find out just how many games you've played and
how often you loose.

Glines: Better versions of the SVG Balls theme from Richard
Hoelscher. Also clicking quickly does the expected thing now.

Gnome-stones: The major crash-on-startup bug that I completely
mis-diagnosed in 2.3.x has now been fixed. Really, truly,
definitely. I'm sure of it this time.

Gnomine: SVG graphics (also by Richard Hoelscher) and better rendering
of those same graphics.

Mahjongg: New layouts from Rexford Newbould and Krzysztof Foltman. Be
warned that your choice of layout will be reset to Easy, but since you
will be wanting to try out the new levels it shouldn't matter :).

Plus the usual long list of translations from the dedicated people in
the translation team.

gnome-games "Irregular Apocalypse" 2.5.4
========================================

WARNING: This release is particularly buggy. The most noticeable of
these bugs is that the new statistics dialog in Aisleriot reports
nonsense. This is for the very simple reason that I haven't actually
written the code to calculate the statistics. The dialog is there for
UI review.

Having said that there are many things to enjoy in this release:

Glines: The window is now fully resizeable and there are two new
vector-graphics themes (balls and shapes). Try balls with the window
maximized. The old ball.png theme has been removed on the grounds of
extreme ugliness.

Gnect: The author (Tim Musson) has done an almost complete rewrite of
the code. It is now prettier, smaller, and simpler.

Aisleriot: There is a statistics dialog that can be opened from the
games menu. It will ultimately contain simple statistics on the games
you have played. As I wrote above, it is not complete and is there
only to meet the UI freeze deadline. There is no code to produce the
statistics. The splash screen has been removed as well.

Gnometris: New default theme and background from Graeme Worthy.

Mahjongg: Clicking quickly works now.


gnome-games "Revisionist" 2.5.3.1
=================================

This is a minor release to fix an intltool problem. It also contains
an update to the seahaven game in aisleriot: you can now drag
sequences of cards to the foundations.

gnome-games "The Catastrophe" 2.5.3
===================================

Finally, we know the answer to the question: can you make a
gnome-games release with a kitten balanced on each shoulder ? The
answer is yes.

Mostly miscellaneous stuff. People who use the shuffle option in
mahjongg will be happy.

aisleriot: Double clicking in the games selection menu now works.
blackjack: Text drawing re-write.
glines: Avoid warnings from premature drawing. Improve the use 
	of GamesFileList.
gnibbles: Reworked the exit code to avoid occasional crashes on
	  exit. Fixes for the desktop file.
gnometris: Avoid crashing by only getting the score when a game is 
	   in progress. Avoid warnings by not trying to impose a C 
	   standard on C++ code.
mahjongg: Shuffling is now guaranteed to produce a solvable pile
          (assuming a solution is possible). Undo and redo now are
	  now disabled after a shuffle.
same-gnome: Use GamesFileList for finding the theme files. You can now
 	    write themes in any format supported by gdk-pixbuf.

gdk-card-image: Improve the use of GamesFileList.
libgames-support: Improvements to GamesFileList.


gnome-games "Nervous Energy" 2.5.2
==================================

This release is evenly split between UI changes and back-end code
consolidation.

Code for locating files in gdk-card-image and glines has been merged
into the libgames-support library. More games will take advantage of
this as the (internal) API firms up.

The card selection widget in gdk-card-image has been changed. This
affects aisleriot and blackjack. You no longer select the details of
the card image from seven menus, instead there is one list with a set
of predefined styles. These styles are loaded from an external file
but home directories are not searched yet so custom styles require
root access. If the current style is not on the list it is not
touched, so existing preferences and direct editing of the style using
gconf-editor will work. 

In addition to the gdk-card-image changes aisleriot has also had its
preferences menu renamed to "view". This reflects the fact that the
entries under it only affect the look of the program.

Blackjack has recieved some cleanup work to the UI and some bug fixes.

Mahjongg is in the middle of a rewrite of the shuffling code. The bug
where all the tiles were drawn after a shuffle has been fixed. Also
the "no more moves" dialog now has a "shuffle" option. Unfortunately
this is all still a bit ugly since it is work in progress.

Gnometris has better high score handling. There is no longer a
duplicate score recorded when you start a new game without finishing
the old one. Also the score is recorded if you quit the program
without finishing the game: great for when the boss walks in
unexpectedly.

gnome-games "Trade Surplus" 2.5.1
====================

This is a catch-up release and unfortunately doesn't contain many sexy
new features. The build process is in the middle of a renovation. You
will now need automake 1.7 if you build from CVS or do other
development work. All the *_DISABLE_DEPRECATED macros have been
completely removed, although it should have compiled cleanly with
them.

Other changes:

aisleriot: Freecell now supports super-moves Checks to make sure the
           card images are actually present.

blackjack: The keyboard controls are now documented plus some bug
           fixes and UI improvements.

glines: Should compile with gcc 2.9.x again. The maintainer is
        flagellating himself as you read this.

gnometris: The preview pane is now drawn properly when the preview is
           turned off. Also some UI cleanups.


gnomine: UI rearrangements. Also the number of flags you can place is
         now capped at the number of mines.


gtali: The game can now be completely played from the keyboard. Use
       the 1-5 keys to toggle the dice.

same-gnome: Bug fix: the number of selected stones is correctly
            reported when the cursor is over a blank region.


gnome-games "Credibility Problem" 2.5.0
========================================

So here it is, the first release of the new unstable series of
gnome-games and quite frankly I think I've done an excellent job of
trying to make it unstable.

There are of course numerous bug fixes, most of which are also in the
2.4.1 release. Updated translations too (athough I changed
several strings at the last minute). But these aren't the things
you're after, what you want is new features.

First some warnings. You will need the following software:
gettext 0.12 and intltool 0.27.2. 
GTK+ 2.3 (when it is released in a few days time) or GTK+ from CVS.

So, what is new ?

i18n: The .gmo files are no longer distributed in the tarball, you
have to generate them yourself.

installation: Building gnome-games outside the source tree should now
work.

gnotravex: Rather than using an "x" for a multiplication symbol we now
use real multiplication symbols.

aisleriot: The hint function for Odessa is now consistent with the
strategy suggested in the documentation. The win condition for spider
has been altered slightly: you now have to move the completed
sequences to the foundation.

mahjongg: Two thirds of this program has been rewritten. The game
generation code is quicker and doesn't generate occasional
warnings. The drawing code is now over five times faster and is
rescalable. Resizing the window is now supported. The tile sets are
now monolithic, you don't select foregrounds and backgrounds
separately anymore. Only the default tileset has been converted to the
new format so far. SVG is also supported and there is an example
tileset, but it is half-complete and unusable.

gnomine: There is now a hint function, an idea of Juhani Heino's. The
hint will clear one, hopefully useful, square at the cost of a ten
second penalty. The drawing code has been altered to make more use of
the gtk theme. This should improve the contrast between open and
closed cells even in pathological themes.

Thats about it, aside from Steven Chaplin's usual round of memory
leak fixes and one or two strange bugs which I *think* I've fixed.

gnome-games "Carisbrook" 2.3.7
==============================

This is a minor update over 2.3.6. The major difference is that there
is more checking of GConf return values. The only user visible changes
should be a new README file and translation updates.

There are still some bugs that it would be nice to have resolved by
2.4, if they can be reproduced. Aside from them, this is essentially
2.4.0.

gnome-games "It's For Your Own Good" 2.3.6
==========================================

This release is in theory a good facsimile of what 2.4.0 will look
like. The most obvious change will be that the documentation is now
mostly up-to-date. 

All games should now have state-sensitive undo and redo buttons as
well as full keyboard navigation for the preferences.

The bug count is now about a third of what it was at the start of the
2.3 series. Since there is no recent 2.2.x release of gnome-games this
can be considered a substitute, it compiles under the GNOME 2.2
environment without problems.

Changes by game:

Gataxx/Iagno
 - These games now share pixmaps. This saves about 700k.

Gtali:
  - Several dead options have been removed (or hidden as gconf keys).
  - Undo doesn't corrupt the display.

Gnotravex:
  - Resizing code now works a bit better.

Aisleriot:
 - If you play spider then there is a subtle change: to finish the
   game you have to move the completed piles up to the
   foundation. This is now consistent with other games.

Gnome-stones:
 - The joystick dialog actually works now, although since I don't have
   a joystick I have no idea if any of the joystick code actually works.

Gataxx:
 - The animation code actually does the right thing now. This is only
   noticeable if using "partial" animation.

Gnomine:
 - It compiles with gcc 2.96 again.
 - We now don't read all the pixmaps each time we recieve an expose
   event. Oops.

Gnobots:
 - Be a bit more graceful about failing to find configuration files.
 

gnome-games "Palm Cove" 2.3.5
=============================

This release is a little early since I'm going to be away during the
"official" release period. My location will of course be a closely
guarded secret.

There is but one major change, most of the names have changed ! This
hasn't been done to protect the innocent, or event the particularly
guilty. Instead it is an attempt to get rid of GNOME-this and
GNOME-that in the menus (as per the HIG). So "GNOME Robots" has become
"Robots" and "GTali" has become "Tali". This change only affects the menus.

The down side of this is that "glines" has become "Lines" and
"GNOME-Stones" has become "Stones". Anyone who has a better idea can
post suggestions under bug #117191 in Bugzilla.

Gnometris stays as Gnometris because it's really hard to avoid the
trade-marked "Tetris" and still be descriptive.

The other user-visible change is that the gnomine (sorry, "Mines")
window is now completely resizable and the size of the individual
tiles follows the size of the window (the numbers and icons scale
too). The explicit "mine size" item in the preferences dialog is
gone.

There were also some minor fixes, some of them very embarrassing to
the maintainer.

gnome-games "Cruising Along" 2.3.4
==================================

Things are cruising along towards a nice, stable, 2.4 release.
This release mostly contains bug fixes and clean-ups. 

A big thanks goes to Jon McCann and Steve Chaplin who have done most
of the work on this release.

The TODO file now has a complete list of what we hope to complete for
2.4 and an incomplete list of what is planned for 2.5 and beyond.

Be warned that changes involving gconf mean that some preferences will
be lost. Selecting the correct preferences again will fix this. We
apologise for the inconvenience, but the change-over from gnome-config
to gconf had already been delayed way too long for some games.

This is still an unstable release, but it should be more stable than
2.2 and testing is badly needed. In particular gnobots2 and mahjongg
have produced a number of crashes which aren't reproducible on the
maintainers machines. Stack traces or precise instructions on how to
reproduce them (including OS version, library versions, etc.) are
desparately needed to try and track these down.

All games have improved HIG compliance and most menus are now context
sensitive, e.g. you can't select undo if no move has been made.

AisleRiot:
 The help files work with yelp (even the broken versions).
 There should be better compatibility with Red Hat 9's guile.

Glines:
 The background is now a solid colour and the grid lines are thinner.

Gnome-stones:
 New opening title that should be i18n compatible now.

Gnotravex:
 The game is now resizable, try it, we hope to make most games like
 this in 2.5.


gnome-games "Shiny Things Revenge" 2.3.3
========================================

13% Fewer bugs, 15% less fat and 7% more games.

We now have a blackjack game courtesy of Jon McCann.

The package has also lost 1.5 Mb due to the judicious use of jpeg
compression.

For the paranoid system administrator there are now the
--disable-setgid, --with-scores-group and --with-scores-user options
for configure to help you manage those pesky setgid binaries.

The major changes, game by game:

aisleriot:
 * Should stop crashing if you have libguile >1.5.
 * More i18n work. Still not perfect, but should be a lot better.

gataxx:
 * The corruption when using the undo button has been fixed.
 * Don't crash after 128 turns.
 * Gataxx is now bug-free (TM).

gdk-card-image:
 * Some extra card images. Look for the "Dondorf" images.

gnome-stones:
 * There are now some sokoban levels to play. Thanks go to Alberto
   Manuel Brandao Simoes for convering the levels from Herman
   Mansilla's Yakoban game. Select the Gnomekoban levels from the
   preferences dialog and don't forget about the "restart level"
   option when you back youself into a corner.
 * There has been no real chance for play-testing these levels yet
   against the current sokoban implementation, if you have any
   suggestions to make feel free to file a report in bugzilla (even if
   it isn't technically a bug).

gnometris:
 * "Paused" and "Game over" messages.
 * Key behaviour fixes when a new piece appears.
 * Scoring consistency: dropping the blocks now scores as much as
   using fast-fall with the down arrow. 
 * Big PNG backgrounds converted to jpeg. The transition should happen
   automatically and not be noticeable.

mahjongg:
 * The multiple score dialogs problem might have been fixed this time.

Lots of fixes for behaviour and i18n all over the place, thanks should
especially go to Steve Chaplin and Christian Rose for their patience
in making sure I did things properly.

gnome-games "The Freecell Players Will Lynch Me" 2.3.2
======================================================

There have been some major changes with gnome-games. Gnobots2 and
Gnibbles are back, but Freecell has been removed. There are also 30%
fewer bugs than in 2.3.1.

Freecell addicts shouldn't panic: there is still a Freecell icon.
It links directly to the AisleRiot version of freecell. There are two
features that are known to be missing:
 1) There is no score dialog. If there is demand I will write a new
    one for AisleRiot.
 2) The translations will be marginally worse. AisleRiot has some 
    "interesting" issues regarding scheme and gettext. The fundamental 
    problem has been resolved, but none of the issues it caused have
    been fixed yet, this will happen in 2.3.3.
If any other favourite feature of freecell is missing, file a bug report.

The source for xbill and freecell are still available in the CVS
module gnome-games-deprecated. They are not currently buildable. Xbill
is also available (in a usable form) at www.xbill.org.

Here are the major changes:

aisleriot: 
        Gettext is now called from within scheme. There is no real
        change yet, but we should be able to improve the
        translations in the future.
        If --variation is used then it is only applied to that
        instance of the program.
 
gataxx: 
        It actually works now. At least we know the sanity checks
        work, pity the schema wasn't sane.

gdk-card-image: 
        The library has been moved to its own directory. Build
        problems on *BSD should now be resolved.

gnome-stones: 
        HIG cleanups.

gnomine:
        Improvements to the contrast between cleared and uncleared
        cells. The window doesn't resize when it looses focus.
        Also added checks to limit the number of mines to the field size.

gnotravex: 
        A tile corruption bug has been fixed. Gnotravex is now bug-free (TM).

gtali:  The binary is now 100k lighter thanks to careful use of
        colour-reduction.

libgames-support: 
        HIG and i18n fixups.

mahjongg:  
        HIG cleanups.

same-gnome: 
        Cleaner preferences dialog.

There has also been an effort to limit the number of dialog boxes
asking "Are you sure ...". This is an ongoing project.


gnome-games "Nothing to See Here" 2.3.1
=======================================

This is mostly bug fixes and not a lot of them. The primary purpose 
of this release is to make sure the new maintainer knows what he's doing.

* GTali behaves itself if you're winning by a gratuitous margin
* Improved GTali documentation.
* Moved the Gnotravex icon down to the shared directory.
* Fixed Same-Gnome sanity check so it actually stops the program crashing.
* Abel Cheung made sure all the ChangeLogs where in UTF-8 and not
  whatever we'd picked up along the way.

Corrupted GConf data is still likely to crash most games, but rampant
GConf misconfiguration should be handled gracefully. Bug reports to
the contrary are welcome.


gnome-games "Fat Camp" 2.3.0
====================

All of the gnome-games 2.2.1 changes:
* Fixed Freecell compile on FreeBSD
* Fixed GNect schemas
* Fixed GNOME Stones GObject usage
* Use Close instead of OK in Gnometris
* Cleaned up Mahjongg .desktop file
* Updated Mahjongg documentation

Plus:
* Removed games I either don't like, no-one uses, or are pointless
  (gnibbles, gnobots2, iagno2, xbill)
* Also removed the Curses port of gtali
* New Undo architecture in Aisleriot (PLEASE TEST) (closes #83517)
* Changed the next-move algorithm in Iagno (PLEASE TEST) (closes #101996)
* Mahjongg UI love -- now has CFM dialogs
* Aisleriot UI love -- the huge New Game menu has gone, useless table
  headers removed, dialogs are layered correctly, etc
* Added some spacing in the Freecell UI. Should make things clearer
* Added a GConf utility library, which gives us lots of sanity checks
  to tell people they can't install programs correctly
* Cool new icons in GNOME Mines from Jimmac


gnome-games "Cake or Death?" 2.2.0
==================================

* Fix "Figure figure" in GNOME Mines documentation
* Rename xBill icon to avoid conflicting with the original xBill
* All games actually have the same version now
* Lots of small memory leaks fixed
* Translations!

Thanks to the Documentation Team, the Translation Team, the Release
Team. Also to my parents, my girlfriend, my fish -- Sid, Griswold,
Tallulah, and departed Wanda. I love you guys! Thanks to Eddie and
Hactar for being good workstations, without you I'd have had to do
this with an abacus or something. Thanks to my neighbour, Dorothy, for
keeping me happy for days with a picture of when she met the Pope; and
Michele Campeotto for the same with a certain picture. Thanks to the
many people who submitted bug reports and patches, you all know who
you are.


gnome-games "You'll Need A Tray" 2.1.5

* GNOME Lines documentation fixes
* Translation updates

Thanks to the translation and documentation team for their hard work
as went and changed almost every string...


gnome-games "Jammy Dodger?!" 2.1.4

* Support Startup Notification, so you get eye candy whilst the games load
* Yet more translations!
* Aisleriot: when completing a game you have a choice of what to do
* Many games: put the correct file in the tarballs
* The identify crisis of "GNOME" and "Gnome" is now over. Many games
  are slightly renamed in favour of "GNOME".
* GNOME Mines: Hopefully the labels in the mine field are a better
  size now.
* Mahjongg: scores works correctly


gnome-games "Hod-d-d-d-d-da" 2.1.3

* New launcher icons (Tim Musson)
* Iagno redraws much faster (Andreas Persenius)
* Glines redraw fixes (Tim Musson)
* No Preferences and Score in the Freecell toolbar
* Quit and New Games dialogues are far more consistant (Jeremy Browne)
* The .desktop files tell Bug-Buddy what to do (Fernando Herrera)
* GConf schemas are actually installed in the right location (Loz)
* You can only have one About and Scores dialog on screen (Tim Musson again)


gnome-games "Why does Real World work always conflict with GNOME work?" 2.1.2

* Build fixes for OSF/1
* Makefile.am fixes
* Hopefully getting more stable now...


gnome-games 2.1.1

* More of below.


gnome-games "Breakage is fun, it builds character" 2.1.0

* Many minor bug fixes (esp. to Aisleriot, Telsa)
* Iagno is not predicatable any more
* Love given to the UI (freecell, gnect, gnotski, mahjongg, same-gnome)
* A serious lack of translations, as they are all on the GNOME 2.0 branch.
  This is totally my fault as I have not told the translation team...
* More documentation (glines, gnomine, gnotski)
* Menu accelerators work in Gnibbles when playing
* Build fixes (gnome-stones
* (Probably) lots of new and interesting bugs


gnome-games "Rising Sun" 2.0.4

* Improved dialogs, which actually do what they say on the tin.
* High Scores are now only displayed when there are high scores to be
  displayed.

Thanks to Andrew Sobala and Samuel Stringham, amongst others, for
providing so many patches to gnome-games.


gnome-games "Clever Cow" 2.0.3

* General: Updated all .desktop files to comply with the HIG
* General: Build fixes for OSF/1 and Solaris
* General: Many UI fixes with dialogs and toolbars: more actually
  close now, and appear in the correct location.
* Gnotravex: Hide the tiles when the game is paused, fix memory leaks,
  and redraw the tiles correctly
* Gnobots: fix menu keyboard navigation
* Gnibbles: default map size is medium
* Aisleriot: canfield now knows when the game is over
