Rules for CANFIELD
Copyright (C) 1998 Rosanna Yuen <rwsy@mit.edu>

// -------------------- Setup -----------------------------------

Number of Decks -- 1

Stock -- Top left pile.  The rest of the deck is placed here after
dealing.  Cards are turned over three at a time to waste.  Two redeals.

Waste -- Directly to the right of stock.  To be taken from stock.  Top
card available for play.

Reserve -- On left under stock.  Deal thirteen cards here with top card
face up.  Top card available for play to foundations or tableau.

Tableau -- Four piles below foundations.  Deal one card face up on to
each pile.  Tableau can be built down in alternating color.  Groups of
cards can be moved.  

Foundations -- Four piles top right.  Deal one card face up on first
foundation pile.  This card is now the base card.  Built up by suit.

// -------------------- Goal ------------------------------------

Move all cards to the foundation piles.

// -------------------- Rules -----------------------------------

Cards in the tableau are built down by alternating color.  Groups of
cards can be moved.  An empty slot in the tableau is filled
automatically from the reserve.  If the reserve is empty, an empty slot
can be filled by any card or group of cards in sequence.

Cards are flipped from the stock to the waste by three.  If the last
flip has less than three cards, that many cards are flipped for that
move only.  When stock is empty, move all cards in waste back to the
stock, maintaining order.  You can go through the deck three times.

Foundations are built up in suit from the base card (first card dealt to
first foundation)  New foundations are started when a card of the same
rank as the first card placed during the dealing period are placed on
empty foundation piles.  Aces are placed on Kings, and twos on aces.
Cards in foundations are still in play.  Double clicking on a card will
move it to the appropriate foundation pile if such a move is possible.

// -------------------- Options ---------------------------------

// -------------------- Scoring ---------------------------------

Each card in the foundation piles scores one point.  This game used to
be played in casinos.  You break even if your score is 10.

Maximum possible score:  52

// -------------------- Strategy --------------------------------

A bird in hand is worth two in the bush.  This game is hard to win.
Most people play with the betting rules in mind and try to get as many
points as possible.  To this end, always move cards into the foundations
as soon as they are available.
