Definitions to certain words in game rules
Copyright (C) 1998 Rosanna Yuen <rwsy@mit.edu>

author's note:  These definitions are meant as a guideline only.  See
individual game rules as any game has the right to redefine or modify
the rules to make it fun.

********************* Definitions *********************************

BUILD BY ALTERNATE COLOR -- Building by placing a card on to another
card of the opposite color is permitted.  Example:  Placing a Diamond
on a Spade is good, but placing a Diamond on a Heart is not.

BUILD BY ANY SUIT BUT OWN -- Building by placing a card on to another
card of any suit but the suit of the card is permitted.  Example:
Placing a Diamond on a Heart is good, but placing a Heart on a Heart
is not.

BUILD BY COLOR -- Building by placing a card on to another card of the
same color is permitted.  Example:  Placing a Diamond on a Heart is
good, but Placing a Diamond on a Club is not.

BUILD REGARDLESS OF SUIT -- It's all good.

BUILD BY SUIT -- Building by placing a card on to another card of the
same suit is permitted.  Example: Placing a Spade on a Spade is good,
but placing a Spade on a Club is not.

BUILD DOWN -- Building by placing a card of a lower rank on to a card
of one higher rank is permitted.  Example:  Placing a 10 on a Jack is
good, but placing a 10 on a 9 is not.

BUILD DOWN BY * -- Building by placing a card of a lower rank on to a
card of a higher rank by * is permitted.  Example:  If * is 2, placing
a 10 on a Queen is good, but placing a 10 on a Jack is not.

BUILD UP -- Building by placing a card of a higher rank on to a card
of one lower rank is permitted.  Example:  Placing a Queen on a Jack
is good, but placing a Queen on a King is not.

BUILD UP BY * -- Building by placing a card of a higher rank on to a
card of a lower rank by * is permitted.  Example:  If * is 2, placing
a 10 on an 8 is good, but placing a 10 on a 9 is not.

BUILD UP OR DOWN -- Building by placing a card on to a card of one
higher or one lower rank is permitted.  Example:  Placing a Jack on a
Queen or a 10 is good, but placing a 10 on a Queen is not.

BUILDING -- The ability to place a card (or group of cards) on another
card.  In regards to rank, you can BUILD UP, BUILD DOWN, or BUILD
UP/DOWN BY *.  In regards to suit/color, you can BUILD BY SUIT, BUILD
BY COLOR, BUILD BY ALTERNATE COLOR, BUILD BY ANY SUIT BUT OWN, or
BUILD REGARDLESS OF SUIT.  Note that all games that build will follow
two of these rules, one from each list.

BASE CARD -- The first card dealt into a foundation pile.  Other
foundations usually have to start a card of this rank.  See:
FOUNDATION

DECK -- A 52 card poker deck.  There are four suits of thirteen cards
each.  Each suit contains an Ace, 2 through 10, Jack, Queen, and King.
These suits are usually Clubs, Spades, Hearts and Diamonds.  These suits
can be grouped into two colors, usually black and red.  The Clubs and
the Spaces are black while the Hearts and the Diamonds are red.
AisleRiot allows the possibility of using different decks.  In this
case, the new colors and/or suits are substituted into this paradigm.

FOUNDATION -- If a game has a foundation, the game is usually won by
placing all the cards in the foundation pile(s).

RANK -- The value of the card.  Numbered cards usually have the rank
of the associated number.  Aces can either be high or low.  If high,
aces are ranked 1.  If low, aces are ranked as 14.  J, Q, and K are
usually ranked 11, 12, and 13 respectively.  However, some games may
rank these cards as 10.  In such a case, a high ace might be ranked as
11.

RESERVE -- Cards in the reserve are usually available to play
anywhere.  Usually cannot be built on.

STOCK -- The cards that are not dealt in the beginning.  Always kept
faced down.

SUIT -- Four different kinds in a standard deck.  Usually Clubs,
Spades, Hearts, and Diamonds.

TABLEAU -- The playing field, where the main action occurs.  Usually
allows building.

WASTE -- Top card usually in play.